Hello Professor!

I am a first year graduate student in ECE.
In my undergraduate university, I study EE as my major. 
Barely had I took any CS related coursed, I have weak background in CS.
So I encountered numerous difficulties in the CC projects.
Even though it was such a hard time for me,
I tried my best to get over the difficulties once and once again.

But this time, I am really facing many big difficulties in this project.
With only 2-month experience in using Java,
I have no idea about multithreading and thread communication.
(I don't know whether we must do the project in this way, but I think that is the best way to implement it.)
I have searched lots of learning materials and do trial and error over and over again.
If you can check the log of my submissions, you can find that maybe I have been trying over 50 times and staying up for several nights.

Furthermore, in the mean time, I take 15513 - Introduction to Computer Systems and 18641 - Java Smartphone Development,
which also have the famously heaviest workload in CMU.
And next week, 15513's mid-term test is just around the corner, which is also a big deal.
Therefore, I am now in a dilemma.

I don't ask for mercy now, I study as hard as and even harder than many other CMU students.
Now I study over 15 hours everyday, in order to catch up with the best students and try to be an elite.
Having solving so many problems, finally I reached the goal as the writeup requires in this project.
I am happy to see that the rps is eventually beyond the threshold,
but I am also sad because I miss the due.

So now I wonder if I can still get the score of this project.
Because I really tried so hard and contributed lots of time in this project.
Otherwise it would hurt my learning enthusiasm.
I do really want to start early, but the Java's due is in Wednesday and 513's due is in Thursday,
The two courses are also hard for me and will occupy me over 2 days.
That means I have to start doing CC after Thursday.
I have already arrange the most time (3 and 4 days a week) for CC, but it is still not enough for me.
I even want to divide a second into two parts to use it.

I will appreciate you if you can understand me.

The attached files are the logs of the two tests which are not graded.
